c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.g.resources
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\OrderWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\OrderWindow.baml
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\PurchaseWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\PurchaseWindow.baml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\ManageWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\NewClientWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\ReturnWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\ManageWindow.baml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\NewClientWindow.baml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\ReturnWindow.baml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\StartUpWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\StartUpWindow.baml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\FIXWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\FIXWindow.baml
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.config
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\FIXWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\ManageWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\NewClientWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\OrderWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\PurchaseWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\ReturnWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\StartUpWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\FIXWindow.baml
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\ManageWindow.baml
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\NewClientWindow.baml
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\OrderWindow.baml
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\PurchaseWindow.baml
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\ReturnWindow.baml
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\StartUpWindow.baml
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.g.resources
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jformelx\Documents\BskAes\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
